1. How to create an object in java?
    There are several ways by which we can create objects of a class in java as we all know a class provides
    the blueprint for objects, you create an object from a class. This concept is under-rated and sometimes proves
    to be beneficial as this concept is bypassed by many programmers and sometimes even do ask from interview
    perceptive.
    Methods:
    There are many different ways to create objects in Java. the help of programs to illustrate internal working by
    which we can create objects in Javay
    Cy Using new keyworH
    8y Using new instanc^
    y Using clone() methoH
    4y Using deserializatio;
    by Using newInstance() method of Constructor class
    Let us discuss them one by one and implement the same by appending a clean java program for the same.
    Method 1: Using new keyword
    Using the new keyword in java is the most basic way to create an object. This is the most common way to
    create an object in java. Almost 99% of objects are created in this way. By using this method we can call any
    constructor we want to call (no argument or parameterized constructors).

2. What is the use of a new keyword in Java?
    The "new" keyword in Java is used to create an instance of an object. It allocates memory to an object and
    returns a reference to the object created. It is used with a constructor to create an object.

3. What are the different types of variables in Java_
    / Static Variable
    / Instance Variable
    / Local Variabl

4. What is the difference between Instance variables and Local variables?

Instance-variables:-
    i. They are defined in class but outside the body of methods.
    ii. These variables are created when an object is instantiated and are accessible to all constructors, methods, and blocks in the class.
    iii. These variables are destroyed when the object is destroyed.
    iv. It can be accessed throughout the class.
    v. They are used to reserving memory for data that the class needs and that too for the lifetime of the object.
    vi.These variables are given a default value if they are not assigned by code.
    vii. It is not mandatory to initialize instance variables before use.
    viii. It includes access modifiers such as private, public, protected, etc.

Local-Variabl:-
    i. They are defined as a type of variable declared within programming blocks or subroutines.
    ii. These variables are created when a block, method, or constructor is started, and the variable
        will be destroyed once it exits the block, method, or constructor.
    iii. These variables are destroyed when the constructor or method is exited.
    iv. Its access is limited to the method by which it is declared.
    v. They are used to decrease dependencies between components. Le., the complexity of the code is decreased.
    vi. These variables do not always have some value, so there must be a value assigned by code.
    vii. It is important to initialize local variables before use.
    viii. It does not include any access modifiers such as private, public, protected, etc.

5. In which area memory is allocated for instance variable and local variable?
    ans:- Instance variables are allocated in the heap and local variables are allocated in the stack.

6. What is method overloading?
    Method overloading in Java is a feature that allows a class to have multiple methods with the same name
    but different parameters. The Java compiler distinguishes these methods by the number, type, and order of
    parameters. Overloading is used to provide multiple ways to call a method for different use cases, making
    code more readable and reusable.

